# December 13th, 2025 : 11pm

## A moment of acknowledgement

Wow. Just, wow.

I've made it this far.

That is... very... surprising.

I think I figured out the pattern.

It's the music.

Semiquaver's ambient music, instead of being like most content on youtube made towards dopamine rushes to keep interest. It's calm.
Think C418 Minecraft Alpha and Beta.

Ambient tracks, made to be. Ambient.

And then, I just have it on in the background and since I have something in the background besides the sounds of my keyboard via  keyboard sounds app I have.

It's noise in the background, but instead of begging for my attention.
It asks.

Anyway, that's just me loving how I haven't quit this yet.

Normally I quit projects by now.
By the next day or few days thanks to school at the latest.

This time I feel like I can actually make the game.

## ev5 summary

Anyway let's move onto the summary of ev5's changes.

There are alot of new assets added for army members of some sort, again I don't really have this fully planned out so the army? I have no idea. I just have a base idea. And even that simple idea I don't want getting out there.

A very quick summary on the code side of things:
- STARTING_STATE define (currently only "path-select" is a valid one)
- NO_PATH_IN_TITLE define
- DISABLE_PETTINESS define
- PATH_IN_TITLE define
- ENABLE_PETTINESS define
- The path enums instead of being cool strings that look like file directorys are now just the variable name (it works and there is less thought on how to make it a valid directory)
- Save Slots are no longer only integer (slot # / name) supported!
- New debug state class with an f3 debug toggle (MINECRAFT REFERENCE!??!!??!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!)
- new path select debug state
- MeetTheArmy non-interactive scene done
- MeetTheArmy interactive scene has begun production

And besides generally other tweaks that's it!

So yeah, that's all nice.

Cya tommorow for the next diary entry. 

Or for the Discord Folk on the Haxe Community Discord Server maybe even a showcase...?
Eh probably not...

There isn't much to showcase...